README.md, before:

# Fred

The main goal with this mod is to add some quality of life features that would normally need another mod to be installed, things my friends and I find funny and to practice some java along the way.

- The name was the first thing a friend said after I asked for a project name.
- The mod icon is my friend's doggo :), no idea of what to actually use.
- This mod was originally developed for a private modpack.
- I don't plan on making a Forge version.
- New features might be available only on newer versions.

> Most features are configurable.

## Features

- Custom window title.
- Movement with screens open (inventory, crafting table and a lot more).
- Auto walk.
- Zoom based on [Vanilla Zoom](<https://github.com/ricksouth/serilum-mc-mod-sources/tree/main/sources/Vanilla Zoom>).
- Link items in chat based on [Show Me What You Got](https://github.com/apace100/show-me-what-you-got).
- Sound on chat message.
- More control over the Minecraft Music (delay between songs, skip, change volume, show what is playing).
- A music player screen based on [Music Control](https://github.com/sf-inc/music_control).
- Disable any Toasts (tutorial, recipe, advancement).
- Keep the current session chat history.
- Show basic world info on chat when joining a world.
- Use XP to create Experience bottle.
- Total blocks broken and placed statistic.
- Joke blocks/items: Trumpet based on [trumpet-skeleton-fabric](https://github.com/JamiesWhiteShirt/trumpet-skeleton-fabric/), The Rock Block, Rei Fumo Block.

## New recipes

- Name Tag
- Rotten Flesh to Leather
- Horse Armor (diamond, gold, iron)
- Saddle

## Keybinds

- **Up Arrow** - Increases music volume.
- **Down Arrow** - Decreases music volume.
- **Left Arrow** - Music player screen.
- **Right Arrow** - Skip music.
- **Right Control** - Shows the name of the current music playing.
- **Left Alt** - Press while hovering an item to link it in chat.
- **C** - Zoom (conflicts with a creative mode keybind, you can change this).
- **G** - Auto walk.

## Commands

> Server side commands that broadcast() to the server:

- **roll** - Random number from 1 to the number provided as argument.
- **8ball** - It can answer your every question, as long as your question can be answered with yes or no.
- **quotes** - Gives a random quote from a config file, defaults to some random stuff about ULTRAKILL for the lack of a better idea for
  default quotes.

> Client side commands:

- **shrug** - Shrugs.
- **flip** - Flips a table.
- **unflip** - Unflips said table.

## Joke features

> All items/blocks have recipes, have their own statistics and can be disabled.

- (Item) **Trumpet** - Doot until it is done. Repaired with gold nuggets.
- (Item) **The Rock Block** - Him.
- (Item) **Rei Fumo Block** - Tumbling down.
- (Keybind) **Period** - Plays [My Movie](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TFwXbp9bLlY&t=1s) SFX.

## Setup

For setup instructions please see the [fabric wiki page](https://fabricmc.net/wiki/tutorial:setup) that relates to the IDE that you are
using.

## License

Fred is licensed under the MIT license.

This project contains code
from [trumpet-skeleton-fabric](https://github.com/JamiesWhiteShirt/trumpet-skeleton-fabric/), [show-me-what-you-got](https://github.com/apace100/show-me-what-you-got), [VanillaZoom](<https://github.com/ricksouth/serilum-mc-mod-sources/tree/main/sources/Vanilla Zoom>), [music-control](https://github.com/sf-inc/music_control)
and is based on [Kaupenjoe's Fabric Tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLKGarocXCE1EeLZggaXPJaARxnAbUD8Y_).

Commit message:

1.20.1, typing sound, removing some features

README.md, after:

# Fred

The main goal with this mod is to add some quality of life features that would normally need another mod to be installed, things my friends and I find funny and to practice some java along the way.

- The name was the first thing a friend said after I asked for a project name.
- The mod icon is my friend's doggo :), no idea of what to actually use.
- This mod was originally developed for a private modpack.
- I don't plan on making a Forge version.
- New features might be available only on newer versions.

> Most features are configurable.

## Features

- Custom window title.
- Movement with screens open (inventory, crafting table and a lot more).
- Auto walk.
- Zoom based on [Vanilla Zoom](<https://github.com/ricksouth/serilum-mc-mod-sources/tree/main/sources/Vanilla Zoom>).
- Link items in chat based on [Show Me What You Got](https://github.com/apace100/show-me-what-you-got).
- Sound on new chat message and when typing.
- More control over the Minecraft Music (delay between songs, skip, change volume, show what is playing).
- A music player screen based on [Music Control](https://github.com/sf-inc/music_control).
- Keep the current session chat history.
- Use XP to create Experience bottle.
- Total blocks broken and placed statistic.
- Joke blocks/items: Trumpet based on [trumpet-skeleton-fabric](https://github.com/JamiesWhiteShirt/trumpet-skeleton-fabric/), The Rock Block.

## New recipes

- Name Tag
- Rotten Flesh to Leather
- Horse Armor (diamond, gold, iron)
- Saddle

## Keybinds

- **Up Arrow** - Increases music volume.
- **Down Arrow** - Decreases music volume.
- **Left Arrow** - Music player screen.
- **Right Arrow** - Skip music.
- **Right Control** - Shows the name of the current music playing.
- **Left Alt** - Press while hovering an item to link it in chat.
- **C** - Zoom (conflicts with a creative mode keybind, you can change this).
- **G** - Auto walk.

## Commands

> Server side commands that broadcast() to the server:

- **roll** - Random number from 1 to the number provided as argument.
- **8ball** - It can answer your every question, as long as your question can be answered with yes or no.
- **quotes** - Gives a random quote from a config file, defaults to some random stuff about ULTRAKILL for the lack of a better idea for
  default quotes.

> Client side commands:
> 
- **coords** - Sends your current coordinates.
- **shrug** - Shrugs.
- **flip** - Flips a table.
- **unflip** - Unflips said table.

## Joke features

> All items/blocks have recipes, have their own statistics and can be disabled.

- (Item) **Trumpet** - Doot until it is done. Repaired with gold nuggets.
- (Item) **The Rock Block** - Him.

## Setup

For setup instructions please see the [fabric wiki page](https://fabricmc.net/wiki/tutorial:setup) that relates to the IDE that you are
using.

## License

Fred is licensed under the MIT license.

This project contains code
from [trumpet-skeleton-fabric](https://github.com/JamiesWhiteShirt/trumpet-skeleton-fabric/), [show-me-what-you-got](https://github.com/apace100/show-me-what-you-got), [VanillaZoom](<https://github.com/ricksouth/serilum-mc-mod-sources/tree/main/sources/Vanilla Zoom>), [music-control](https://github.com/sf-inc/music_control)
and is based on [Kaupenjoe's Fabric Tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLKGarocXCE1EeLZggaXPJaARxnAbUD8Y_).
